[Music]
okay
huh
[Music]
oh
right
[Music]
hey
[Applause]
me
[Music]
foreign
time
[Music]
hello
[Applause]
[Music]
wow
it's like i woke up from a nightmare
if it's the last thing i'll ever do
[Music]
since you left behind here
and all of my years i never seen someone
corrupted so clean lately i'm feeling
like
it's like i woke up from a nightmare
because i finally got away from you away
from you
and i ain't never going back there
if it's the last thing i'll ever do
[Music]
because
but i can't shake the ghost behind here
[Music]
what
suffocating struggling just to breathe
and i feel like i've been trying to get
away forever now i'm just trying to run
away and go wherever now
uh cause i don't hear you you in my rear
view
cause she exhausted
i hope you never found
[Music]
okay